feat(curriculum): add email simulator workshop (#62100)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-email-simulator/6853f4584f508e95cc7a9f4d.md

---
id: 6853f4584f508e95cc7a9f4d
title: Step 30
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-30
---

# --description--

Now you'll create a method to list all emails in the inbox. This method should handle the case where the inbox is empty and display a numbered list of emails when there are emails present.

> Add a method called `list_emails` to your `Inbox` class that takes `self` as a parameter. First, create an `if` statement to check if the inbox is empty by testing the `emails` list. If it's empty, print the message `'Your inbox is empty.\n'`. Add a `return` statement to exit the method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a method called `list_emails` to your `Inbox` class that takes `self` as a parameter. First, create an `if` statement to check if the inbox is empty by testing the `emails` list. If it's empty, print the message `Your inbox is empty.\n`. Add a `return` statement to exit the method.
```

# --hints--

You should define a method named `list_emails` in the `Inbox` class that takes `self` as a parameter.

```js
({
    test: () => 
    {
        assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_class("Inbox").find_function("list_emails").has_args("self")`))
    }
})
```

You should check if `self.emails` is empty using `if not self.emails`.

```js
({
    test: () => 
    {
        assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_class("Inbox").find_function("list_emails").find_ifs()[0].find_conditions()[0].is_equivalent("not self.emails")`))
    }
})
```

> You should print the message `'Your inbox is empty.\n'` if there are no emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should print the message `Your inbox is empty.\n` if there are no emails.
```
